" There are some things which you need to accept everything can be changed but not until everyone changes "

" Life is a process of wondering, discovering, becoming, sharing & still wondering "

" Entertainment is temporary,Knowledge is forever "

" A happy person has a vision, not an ambition "

" To live before you die is the main thing, not just to stay alive "

" Acknowledging your ignorance is the first step to finding knowledge "

" One shouldnt expect, Instead one should accept "

" Every moment is a choice & every choice when done consciously is a response "

" A question opens a mind, A statement closes it "

" Meditation is not about a goal,that is concentration. It is about observation, witnessing & realisation "

" Behind every person, There is a human "

" Love isn’t abt owning someone, But being grateful for having that someone in life & giving him whatever you can "

" Consciousness is not everything. It is the quality within you which makes you aware of everything "

" Why do you seek the gold outside? Just be still, the real treasure lies within the heart inside "

" There are only two ways to remain calm, first is acceptance and the other is ignorance "

" People never leave you alone, they always leave something of them in you & so they live through you "

" When you don’t just give the beat, you live the beat "

" When you set the inside right, the outside automatically becomes alright "

" When there is comparison, there is stagnation. When there is no comparison & just observation there is stillness "

" Your past is your foundation. Your future is your destination "

" If you disperse your energy with distraction, you dilute the potential effect of your action "

" The creation exists in the creator otherwise he can never create it "

" Being conscious is about being true to heart. Because the heart is only concerned with the moment "

" Meditation makes a wandering mind turn into a wondering mind "

" There isn’t a greater joy in this world than the joy of giving without asking, expecting or wanting "

" In the innocence of the child, You will find the magnificience of the God- pure & wild "

" When it’s all over, It won’t matter who you were What’ll matter is whether you made a difference "

" Love is not about acceptance or resolution, It’s about surrender & dissolution "

" Intelligence makes you knowledgable. Consciousness makes you wise "

" Intuition doesn’t have a logical background to it. While judgement always has "

" Just be a seed, grow where you are planted & make everything around bloom with your fragrance "

" You need to trust yourself more than anyone else can! Otherwise you are doing injustice to what you are! "

" ﻿Everything that we do throws light on everything we are & everything we will be "

" Until you wonder, you cannot seek. Until you seek, you cannot know "

" Until you disconnect with yourself, you cannot connect with the world & everyone else "

" There is an eternity to know even when you have known it all "

" You dont forget anyone, you just replace them with something or someone "

" So go on.. you haven’t lost anything, you cannot lose it. It’s in you, So just be it "

" Love is never ever about owning, It is about being & giving "

" If you get curious about the world outside. You will eventually get curious about the world inside "

" Freedom doesn’t come from fighting, running, competing or achieving. Freedom comes from watching "

" There is more power in you than you can imagine. Just keep following madly the inside magic "

" If you do not know your mind, you don't know nothing about life "

" Everything that troubles you, Offers a chance to purify you "

" It is not people with high IQ’s who impact the world. But people with high WQ’s (Will Quotient) that do "

" Once you decide upon something, only you can stop yourself from it "

" What brings the wave to the shore, perhaps a neverending earning to know some more "

" Freedom is not just about not being bound by someone. Freedom is more about not being bound by yourself "

" Wisdom is, to be aware of one’s strengths yet acknowledge one’s incompleteness & weaknesses "

" The world will spend time in judging, you invest yours in sharing, inspiring & influencing "

" There are always distractions, it is your determination passion & inspiration which make you go past them "

" Whatever makes you angry or excited is your passion, everything else is just an interest or fashion "

" If there is no clarity in life, there is no quality in life "

" Your intention changes the experience of your actions "

" Thoughts , ideas, opinions are secondary, the knowing is permanent & primary "

" If you carefully observe, the question itself is the answer "

" Every moment beholds the miracle of life, the question is, are you alive ? "

" You never get peace, you are always at peace, It’s just that you aren’t aware where you are "

" In the womb of silence, you will find the answers to all your questions "

" He who looks outside, wanders. He who looks inside, discover "

" Life is not what you think, it is something which you cannot think "

" Until you suffer, you have nothing to offer "

" Until we give up, Life never gives up! So just keep going "

" The thirsty is bound to reach the well no matter whatever desert lies between "

" Life is a bird & we are the song it sings.. The songs start & end but the bird always remains in full swing "

" If you allow nature it’s full expression, it’ll mesmerise you with its creation "

" Thinking is as much a part of meditation as stopping the thinking is "

" The cave of heart is endless. It rises with silence, with music within fading into silence "

" We are the light which our eyes perceive & are made for "

" It is in knowing that creation begins doing "

" Every moment begins a new circle of life, if you dont begin with the moment, you end in a way for life "

" There is a world inside your eye, do visit it before you die "

" When we all give whatever we can, we all would automatically get whatever we should "

" Curiosity is the mark of being alive . If  one is not curious, there is nothing lively in him "

" It is not people who has questions that bother, it is people who do not ask questions that bother "

" All the realities emerge from one reality & all the realities merge into one reality "

" We are all like the wind, whose presence is only felt. But existence isn’t "

" It is simply the beliefs which change, not the person "

" Anything limited to knowing is useless, it must become doing "

" What you see in something or someone, doesn’t just describe that thing or person, It also describes you "

" A year is just a scale of time used to measure the rotation of a planet. It’s not life "

" We all are a million stories within, people only know a few hundred of them, but the best remain hidden "

" Luck isn't needed for someone who is in LOVE with his work "

" Any constructive work can be done only when we turn from being sheer idealistic to realistic "

" Life has given us a lot of time. But it’s time, that we give life some time as well "

" If you are born crying, it is not your mistake but if you die crying, it is definitely your mistake "

" You live just once! Make sure the world meets the extraordinary self that lives in you "

" Just be the best that you can be & the world would benefit in ways that you cannot even forsee "

" Whomsoever your light penetrates into, would come to you... Just keep shining "

" A man without a sense of smell can never know fragrance irrespective of howsoever abundant he is "

" In the end life boil down to 3 things: What you gained, What you gave & What became of it "

" If you want to know the deepest aspect of life, you have to become nothing & search it nowhere "

" Life is simple, Thoughts complicate it "

" That which you are planning, is already planned "

" The experience can never be put into words. It's not just a feeling, it's an essence "

" The words are just an illusion. The silence is the truth "

" This is Real Richness... Real wealth.. The Attitude, Approach & Perspective that one carries "